Hahaha god
I think you are crazy
If you are really capable, you will let him grow up
I don't believe you can predict the future
It's boring to predict the future
This era
I would rather use my hands to create the future
What a hopeless psychopath
Since you are so great
Tell me about it.
How much do you want for a pair of glass?
It also grows to
100 bucks.
Hahahahaha what hahaha
Find 100 bucks for 5 cents
How humorous!
Husband, don't say he's really shit
You can grow your lips
If this stock goes up to $100 for 5 cents
Let me eat shit
It's still a dream
What a savings. I can't just keep my medicine in the pot
Raised to 100 yuan each
And get your sauce tech down to five cents.
I'm looking forward to it. Don't worry.
I won't let you down.
Mr. Xia Yi
Didn't you two have an accident at the factory?
How do you have time to come? I have a big watch here.
We're here to ask for your help
Mr. Yi, you are too polite
You have provided me with so much
Popular material for the Chinese New Year
I'm worried about not having a chance to thank you
Tell me what to do
I want you to help spread a fake news
fake news